NO-JIRA: FAQ: add a composeFS entry (#1931)
openshift/os: docs/faq.md

coreos-installer install /dev/md/coreos --append-karg rd.md.uuid=$MD_UUID \
  <other install args as usual, e.g. --ignition-url, --console, ...>
```

> ## Q: After updating to 4.20, composefs root (`/`) mountpoint is showing 100% usage

Reviewer: I think the change was introduced in 4.19. 
But customer doing EUS to EUS  ( 4.18 to 4.20) will see this first in 4.20

With 4.20 we transitionned to a composefs-backed root mountpoint. Composefs is an EROFS (Read-Only filesystem) that contains the root filesystem. This EROFS
contains only the metadata and references to files that are deployed as the rootfs (think all the system binaries and directory hierarchy). This is mostly
metadata, that's why it's only a few megabytes in size, and it will always report 100% usage, because it's read only: there is no notion of free space.

> Every update will carry a unique composeFS blob.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every version of the system will have its own unique composefs EROFS image.
```

> With composeFS, `/` is backed by `/sysroot` and any disk monitoring tools should be updated to watch the `/sysroot` mountpoint, which is the real physical root.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With composefs, `/` is backed by `/sysroot` and any disk monitoring tools should be updated to watch the `/sysroot` mountpoint, which is the real physical root.
```
